doc: add the ACRN debug tutorial document (#2846)
projectacrn/acrn-hypervisor: doc/user-guides/acrn-shell.rst

   * - wrmsr [-p<pcpu_id>] <msr_index> <value>
     - Write ``value`` (in hexadecimal) to the Model-Specific Register (MSR) at
       index ``msr_index`` (in hexadecimal) for CPU ID ``pcpu_id``

Command examples
****************

The following sections provide further details and examples for some of these commands.

vm_list
=======

> "vm_list" provides the name of each virtual machine and its corresponding ID and

Reviewer: Wouldn't it be better to use double-backticks to enclose these commands? I.e.:
```suggestion
``vm_list`` provides the name of each virtual machine and its corresponding ID and
```

(same question for all the other ones below)

Reviewer 2: david, can you help me to replace these double-backticks and if you can give me a google doc, let me to modify it, thanks.

state.

.. figure:: images/shell_image8.png
   :align: center

   vm_list information

vcpu_list
=========

"vcpu_list" provides information about virtual CPUs (vCPU), including
the VM ID, PCPU ID, VCPU ID, VCPU ROLE (primary or secondary), and VCPU
STATE (init, paused, running, zombie or unknown).

.. figure:: images/shell_image7.png
   :align: center

   vcpu_list information

vcpu_dumpreg
============

"vcpu_dumpreg vmid cpuid" provides vCPU related information such as
registers values, etc.

In the following example, we dump vCPU0 RIP register value and get into
the SOS to search for the currently running function, using these
commands::

   cat /proc/kallsyms | grep RIP_value

As you can see, vCPU0 is running in
function ``acpi_idle_do_entry``.

.. figure:: images/shell_image10.png
   :align: center

   vcpu_dumpreg information

.. figure:: images/shell_image9.png
   :align: center

   system map information

dumpmem
=======

"dumpmem mem_address" provides the specified memory target data such as
the physical CPU (pCPU) number, etc.

In this example, we know the pCPU active bitmap and physical CPU number
physical memory address through

> ``out/hv/apl-mrb-sbl/hypervisor/acrn.map``. (Note that the path for

Reviewer: Assuming we can transpose this to a NUC, the right path is: 
```suggestion
``build/hypervisor/acrn.map``. (Note that the path for
```

Reviewer 2: thanks, please david help to update it as geofrroy's comments.

.. figure:: images/shell_image12.png
   :align: center

   dumpmem information

.. figure:: images/shell_image11.png
   :align: center

   acrn map information

sos_console
===========

This command switches the ACRN's console to become the SOS's console.
Use a :kbd:`Ctrl-Spacebar` to return to the ACRN shell console.

vioapic
=======

"vioapic <vm_id>" shows the virtual IOAPIC information for a specific
VM. In the following figure, we show the virtual IOPIC information for
VM1:

.. figure:: images/shell_image6.png
   :align: center

   vioapic information

dump_ioapic
===========

"dump_ioapic" provides IOAPIC information and we can get IRQ number,
IRQ vector number, etc.

.. figure:: images/shell_image14.png
   :align: center

   dump_ioapic information

pt
==

"pt" provides pass-through detailed information, such as the virtual
machine number, interrupt type, interrupt request, interrupt vector,
trigger mode, etc.

.. figure:: images/shell_image13.png
   :align: center

   pt information

int
===

"int" provides interrupt information on all CPUs and their corresponding
interrupt vector.

.. figure:: images/shell_image17.png
   :align: center

   int information

cpuid
=====

> "cpuid cpu_num" provides the highest EAX call parameter (leaf)

Reviewer: `cpuid` is documented as `cpuid <leaf> [subleaf]`, is this `cpu_num` a new parameter?

Reviewer 2: sorry, i forget to modify it, then modify like the following:
``cpuid <leaf> [subleaf]`` provides the CPUID leaf [subleaf] in hexadecimal.
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3363158/55723539-e3077d80-5a3b-11e9-93be-73f49d832efb.png)
cpuid information
